README.md, before:

# Good README Generator 
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-EPL%201.0-red.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/EPL-1.0)
### Table of Contents
  * [Description](#description)
  * [Installation Instructions](#installation-instructions)
  * [Usage Information](#usage-information)
  * [Contribution Guidelines](#contribution-guidelines)
  * [Test Instructions](#test-instructions)
  * [License Information](#license-information)
  * [Questions](#Questions)

 ## Description 
GIVEN a command-line application that accepts user input
 ## Installation Instructions 
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with a link to my GitHub profile
 ## Usage Information 
THEN I am taken to the corresponding section of the README
 ## Contribution Guidelines 
Eric Scott's approval and unconditional love <3
 ## Test Instructions 
run `$ node index.js` provided the user has node.js installed with the required npm packages (fs, util, inquirer)

## License Information
THE ACCOMPANYING PROGRAM IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS ECLIPSE PUBLIC LICENSE ("AGREEMENT"). ANY USE, REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM CONSTITUTES RECIPIENT'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.
## Questions
### Contact
* http://github.com/johnk9000
* johnk9000@gmail.com

Commit message:

Update ReadMe with video link

README.md, after:

# Good README Generator 
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-EPL%201.0-red.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/EPL-1.0)
### Table of Contents
  * [Description](#description)
  * [Installation Instructions](#installation-instructions)
  * [Usage Information](#usage-information)
  * [Contribution Guidelines](#contribution-guidelines)
  * [Test Instructions](#test-instructions)
  * [License Information](#license-information)
  * [Questions](#Questions)

## Description 
This example is showing how the readme is generated.  For more information, refer to this video: https://youtu.be/1DjiS4AXw1o
 ## Installation Instructions 
Get the following packages: /n `npm install fs` /n `npm install util` /n `npm install inquirer``
 ## Usage Information 
* Use only if you're creating readme drafts.  If you would like to rename the file, change the variable `fileName` inside the `init()` function on line 159.
 ## Contribution Guidelines 
* Go to my contact info in order to contribute to this project
 ## Test Instructions 
* test on test.js and mark with your name at bottom

## License Information
Copyright 2020 [name of copyright owner]

        Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
        you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
        You may obtain a copy of the License at
     
            http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
     
        Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
        distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
        WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
        See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
        limitations under the License.
## Questions
### Contact
* http://github.com/johnk9000
* johnk9000@gmail.com
